[ENHANCEMENT] Updates `head` and `last` to type check (#1055)
30-seconds/30-seconds-of-code: snippets/head.md

> Use `arr[0]` to return the first element of the passed array.

Reviewer: Please update the explanation of the snippet to reflect your changes. Something along the lines of:
```suggestion
Check if `arr` is truthy and has a `length` property, use `arr[0]` if possible to return the first element, otherwise return `undefined`.
```

```js
const head = arr => arr && arr.length ? arr[0] : undefined;
```

```js
head([1, 2, 3]); // 1
head(); // undefined
head([]); // undefined
head(null); // undefined

> head(undefined); // undefined

Reviewer: Most of the above tests should be added as test cases in the related file and we should keep some of them here (filled array, empty array and `null` should suffice).

> if (head(arr) === undefined) { 

Reviewer: Remove the whole `if` part, it's not necessary.
